#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Document Structure
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Introduction: This section intruduces the design document.
 It contains a justification of its utility and indications on which parts
 that are covered by DD but not covered by RASD.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Architecture Design: This section is divided into several parts :
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Overview: This section explains the division in tiers of the applications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
High Level Components and Their Interactions: This section gives a general
 view of the components and the interactions between them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Componenet View: This section gives a more detailed view of the components
 of the applications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Deploying View: This section shows the components that must be deployed
 to have the application running correctly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Runtime View: This section presents the sequence diagrams to show the course
 of the different task of the applications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Component Interfaces: This section presents the interfaces between the component
s.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Selected Architectural Styles and Patterns: This section explaines the architect
ural choices taken during the creation of the application
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Other Design Decisions.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Algortihm Design: This section describes the most essential and critical
 parts via some algorithm.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
User Interface Design: This section presents an overview of how the user
 interfaces will look like.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Requirement Traceability: This section explains how the decisions taken
 in the RASD are connected to the design elements.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
