#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Overview of the system
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Product subsystems
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
PowerEnjoy (PE) software can be decomposed into subsystems interacting between
 each other.
 Those subsystems have to be considered abstract as they do not reflect
 the architecture of the system to be developed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
PowerEnjoy web app (PEW): web portal through which users can access services
 the system offers.
 Using PEW the user have to manually specify where he/she is.
 A registered user can see cars and make reservation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
PowerEnjoy mobile app (PEM): this application is designed for smart-phones.
 PEM can retrieve GPS position of the user using the GPS sensor of the phone(if
 available) and offers the same service as PEW.
 The unlock of the service can only be done using PEM.
 PEM offer a system that can recognize license plate through camera.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
PowerEnjoy backend (PEB): it is the heart of the application.
 It manages all functions the system offer; it is where the business logic
 of the application is implemented.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Constraints
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The following constrain must be met
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
A car must be parked where there is internet connection
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Users must have a smartphone
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
User must have downloaded PEM before make a reservation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The user must reserve a car before he use (unlock) it
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
A user can reserve at most one car at time
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Cars know safe and unsafe areas
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Domain assumption
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After a talk with the stakeholders it is possible to assume that the following
 assertion always hold.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
D1 Users are real people (they have provided true informations during registrati
on)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
D2 Users have a driving license
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
D3 GPS always provide the right position
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
D4 Each car is uniquely identified by a car license plate
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
D5 Reserved cars cannot be moved by their position (until user unlock it)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
D6 It exist an external system that manage payment(ex.
 paypal)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
D7 The stakeholder company has a system to pick up cars and move them.
 This system must not be integrated into the to-be-developed system
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
D8 Battery charge indicator always provide true values and can estimate
 on average how many kilometers the car can run
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
D9 Internet connection is reliable
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
